Duelist a: Hey!
CAMERON: Some say photos bring
back memories of the past,
but mine do the opposite.
They bring forth the future.
And the future shows that
you'll be losing this duel!
What do you know about the
future? That camera of yours
ain't even digital!
I can sense the fear
behind your voice.
And you are right to be afraid,
for you see the future has now
arrived.
I hope you remember what
you learned here today.
But if, when you wake up,
it's at all fuzzy,
take a trip down
memory Lane on me.
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
YUMA: Ya know,
things sure are crazy right
now, especially with shark.
You're competing in the
world Duel carnival!
SHARK: Only for as
long as I need to.
As soon as I do what
I got to do, I'm out.
What are you talking about?
The duelist I lost to in the
nationals is in the carnival.
I'm gonna settle the score.
But it's not just him.
There's quattro too.
Quattro: I won't be happy until
all my fans get exactly what
they deserve.
You two twerps are goin'
down with a big bang!
You maniac!
They looked up to you!
Why did you do this to them?
Let's just say that it I
find it highly entertaining.
It's like no one duels for
the right reasons anymore!
Everyone Wants revenge
or to hurt someone.
Don't these people get it?
We're all cut from
the same cloth.
We're a family.
Tori: Whoa check it out, yuma.
It's an airship.
Bet ya it's flying high to
commemorate the world duel
carnival.
How about I get tickets for us?
It could really help you
take your mind off things.
Nah, sounds lame.
Aw, come on!
No, Tori, you come on!
My problems can't be solved
by some ride in the sky.
You know what?
For someone who wants everyone
to get along, you sure are rude
sometimes.
No, you are!
Aw, sorry.
Well Yeah.
You should be sorry.
I was just trying to
cheer up my friend.
But forget it!
ASTRAL: I am curious yuma.
Do you plan to tick off
anyone else today?
Astral!
Mind your business, would ya?
Guess so.
Could this day get any worse?
KARI: What's his name again?
Editor-in-CHIEF:
It's Cameron clix.
He was some kid that
was always coming in my
office trying to get me
to run his Boring photos.
Well he's not
just some kid anymore,
he's the most sought after
photojournalist there is!
Every shot he takes is
front-Page material!
I don't know how he does it,
but I do know I want
him for our paper!
So just hire him then.
I would.
If I could find him.
That's where you're
gonna come in, Kari.
What's that supposed to mean?
the word on the street
is This Cameron
kid is big into dueling.
so, it stands to reason that
he'd be at the duel carnival.
I want you to find him and get
him to sign an exclusive with
our paper!
This kid better be
as good as they say.
Duelist B: Quit it with the
photos and duel already!
Huh?
Is that?
These aren't just photos.
These show your future.
Care to see?
Then again, you'll be
seeing firsthand soon enough.
I warned you, didn't I?
All I have to do
is think and snap.
Then, whatever I've
envisioned happens.
No wonder I've
never lost a duel.
Never lost?
And now my friend,
here's something
for your scrapbook.
Too bad No number card though.
Wait!
Are you okay?
I... should've
worn my... hardhat.
These are the photos Cameron
took, but he took them before
any of this actually happened.
Could that mean...
that Cameron can... think up a
future and make it come True?
look for the last time
yuma, do you know him or not?
his name is Cameron
clix, ring any bells?
No.
No bells.
are you sure?
he's a duelist just like you.
Sorry.
Oh and he's big
into taking pictures.
I just know he's competing
in the duel carnival.
look, maybe he is,
maybe he isn't.
why do you even care?
Because he's dangerous yuma,
and someone needs to stop him.
Dangerous?
What do you mean?
I mean he has the power
to create the future.
and it's a future that's
usually not so bright.
Create the future?
Yeah I know, I wouldn't
have believed it myself yuma,
but I saw it.
With my very own two eyes.
Okay then,
I'll be sure to
look out for him.
thanks, bro.
just be careful.
this Cameron Kid said
he's never lost a duel.
and after seeing
this power of his,
I totally believe him.
contact me the minute you see
or hear anything and I mean
anything! Kari out.
Wow, that's some trick.
Creating the future?
I wonder how he does it.
If what Kari is saying is True,
I suspect
this young man has been
possessed by a number.
You think so?
How else could he
have such power?
Yuma, let us go.
We must find this
Cameron at once.
Man, what is it,
boss yuma around day?
Some manners huh, tor?
Tor?
Tori?
Where did she go?
You were being mean
and thoughtless.
So she left.
Do you not recall?
Mean and thoughtless?
I'm never like that.
Tori?
Observation #17: Sometimes
individuals speak without
listening to what
they are saying.
This is dangerous because
words are extremely powerful.
They can hurt
dear friends.
Announcer: Come one, come all,
come onboard the duel carnival
airship and experience the
majesty of this great event at a
whole other level!
You know what?
Yuma didn't want
to go for a ride.
But that doesn't mean
that I can't go for one.
Okay, everybody!
Say cheese!
CHILDREN: Cheese!
That's a keeper.
Send me a copy!
See ya later!
Cameron?
Cameron, is that you?
Tori?
It's been so long, Tori.
I think the last
time I saw you was...
Oh I know, when you let
me take those portrait shots!
That's right, and you did such
a great job with them, too!
I still can't believe you
exhibited them at that art
festival.
I was so embarrassed.
Well you shouldn't be.
You're a natural
in front of the camera.
So umm, do ya wanna go
take some more shots?
Maybe over there
by the airship?
What do you say?
M' sure!
Are you certain you want
to do this, Cameron?
I'm not dressed
up or anything.
Maybe I should freshen up my
make up or brush my hair or...
no way.
You look just great.
Trust me on this.
Well... okay then.
See ya!
We've looked everywhere
for this kid Cameron.
And still nothing.
Course we might have better luck
if we knew what he looked like.
Probably Should've asked.
It sounds as though a
duel is in progress.
We should check it out.
Wait up!
My word...
a number!
Duelist C: No way,
the images in those
photos you took, they're now...
Coming True!
Go projection of pain!
I tried to warn you but
you wouldn't listen.
No matter, after all,
a picture's worth a thousand
words.
Especially when it's a picture
of the future!
Whoa.
Here you go,
on the bright side, no red-Eye!
It's really True.
This kid...
he can somehow
create the future!
Teammate A: Oh no! Don't worry.
You're gonna be okay pal!
The power of this number
card is most concerning.
Then we better go
and get it astral!
Hey, wait up!
Are you Cameron?
Fine, don't answer me.
But I'll tell you what.
You will have to answer
for what you've done!
You've hurt a lot
of people, Cameron.
I want to know why!
Why?
It's quite simple.
I do it to
acquire number cards.
But numbers are rare.
Not all of my opponents have
them, so some end up the worse
for wear.
But that's not my problem.
I'll do whatever I must
to accomplish my goal.
To collect all the
world's number cards!
And then, the power of my future
photos will be even greater and
there'll be no stopping me!
He's definitely possessed by the
power of a number card, astral.
Oh, I see.
You know about
number cards, do you?
Does that mean you have one?
That's right.
Whatcha gonna do about it...
I told you to contact me
when you found Cameron!
Uhh Kari, meet Cameron.
Nice to meet you, Cameron.
I've been looking for you.
Actually, it's really my editor
who's been trying to track you
down.
You may remember him.
You used to try and get him to
run your photographs in the
local paper, but sadly, he
always turned you down.
Oh yeah...
I remember.
He always told me that my
photos were too Boring.
But my style has
changed since then.
I know it has, which is why he
wanted me to offer you a job,
Cameron.
But Hey, you know what?
I'm going to personally see to
it that you never get that job
or any job, for
any paper anywhere!
Let me guess why.
Might it be...
because you think my methods
are a tiny bit reckless?
I don't know how you do it,
maybe you create the future or
maybe you just twist it,
but I do know one thing,
enough people have been
hurt by your dark ways.
It ends now!
No, it doesn't.
You see, it's
never going to end!
I know,
because I make the future!
Seems Our worst fears
were correct, yuma.
Now the only question remaining
is how do we put a stop to it
all?
How is right.
Tell you what Kari, why don't I
just go ahead give you one of my
photographs?
Then you can leave me alone
and go make your editor happy.
Not a chance!
You're starting
to get on my nerves.
Can't you see I'm busy?
Can't you see that I'm
about to duel someone?
Yuma,
there's no way you're dueling
this guy, it's too dangerous!
Come on,
think of this like a journalist,
after all, it could make for a
pretty good scoop.
But then,
there are scoops wherever I go.
Take this snapshot
I took earlier.
It's real headline news.
Go on, don't be scared.
Have a look-see.
Tori!
Oh, do you know her?
Such a shame what happened.
Or what's about to.
I know statistically they say
flying is the safest way to
travel, but that's
not True today.
And for Tori,
I'm afraid that's some
seriously bad news, indeed.
But that's just the start.
It only gets worse from
there. After the crash,
chaos! Heartland City
will be in utter shambles!
You're a monster!
Oh Please,
you just report the news.
I happen to make it.
My offer still stands.
If you take the photo now,
I'm sure you can make the late
edition!
For the last time,
I want nothing to do
with your photographs!
Then you're a fool.
Tori, are you there?
Answer me!
you Better be calling
to Apologize, yuma.
Where are you right now?
I'm on the airship. Remember
when I tried to invite you?
no.
you have to get off,
you have to get off now!
You're acting weird.
What's wrong?
you tell me!
Uh, things are fine up here.
The view of the city
is totally amazing.
Are you sure about that?
There are no problems?
No, none whatsoever...
Tori!
Passenger A: Whoa,
look at the wing!
That's the left engine!
tori, what's happening?
Hang on, tor!
That's enough.
You put a stop to this!
Right now, Cameron!
Sorry,
what's done is
done I'm afraid.
No way, you
control the future!
You can change this!
But don't you see?
This isn't the future
anymore, it's now the present.
And I never said I had any
control over the present now,
did I?
You little twerp...
if you lay one finger on me,
you'll only make things worse.
Now if I were you, I'd quit
wasting time and try to help
those people.
Hey, yuma!
I'll figure out how
to save the airship,
you keep an eye on Cameron!
Ah. At last she's gone,
which means finally,
we can duel.
Astral.
When a person possessed by a
number loses in a duel and Loses
their number, they
return to normal, right?
Right.
So then there's a chance,
that everything around us,
will go back to normal too.
It is hard to say,
maybe...
then let's go!
Cuz I'm feeling
the flow!
Duel Disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Alright, let's do this Cameron!
Hey, what are you doing?
The same thing I
do to all my opponents!
I'm taking your photo.
Here.
This is what you have
to look forward to, yuma.
I will warn you though,
it's a bit of a spoiler!
As you can see, victory is mine
and so is your number card!
As you can see, my victory is
assured and your number card is
as good as mine!
In fact, you might as well
hand it over to me right now.
No way!
I'm not buying
into your camera tricks.
Let's duel!
I'll take the first move!
Here goes...
my draw!
First I place a monster
facedown in defense mode.
Then I'm just gonna
place a card facedown,
and end my turn!
Very Well,
my turn!
And I'm summoning
out cameraclops!
yuma Placed GOGOGO golem
facedown in defense mode.
It has 1500 defense points.
the monster Cameron played,
cameraclops, has just 1400
attack points.
that is good news, it means
yuma is safe for at least this
one round.
I now activate the equip spell
telescopic lens from my hand!
And What better place to
attach a lens than a camera?
But this doesn't just mean
a better picture, it means
cameraclops gains 400 attack
points for every card in my
hand!
I have four.
So that's an additional
1600 attack points!
that's still not
enough to take down golem.
when it's in defense mode, its
special ability prevents it
from being destroyed
in Battle Once per turn.
Next from my hand, I activate
the spell card negative image
inversion!
and it's especially negative for
you because now I can switch one
of your facedown defense
monsters into a face-Up attack
monster!
And there's another development,
your attack points now swap out
with your defense points!
What?
Of course, since I used image
inversion, I now have one less
card in my hand.
So cameraclops loses
400 attack points.
But in the big picture, I think
we all know that you're the one
who's really losing!
Now go, cameraclops!
Attack Gogogo golem!
This is a special news bulletin!
An AIRSHIP above heartland
city is in grave danger!
Passenger B: Get out of the way!
Just Relax little girl,
everything's going to be just
fine... I hope.
Don't you worry, Tori!
I'm gonna make
sure it's all okay!
But it's not!
Like I told you before, there's
no changing what's already
happened. And you'd better
believe there's no changing your
fate either, yuma!
It's already been decided -
You'll summon number 39: Utopia
on turn 5.
Then, on the following turn,
you'll be defeated by my number
card!
You know yuma,
some say when a person
snaps a photo of someone,
their soul is doomed!
Well, turns out they were right!